The items for the rehab secondary room are scanned
by the supply technician, or IM, as appropriate.
Scanning is when you use a scanner
or a gun to digitally scan a label.
This is done to get a count of the items
in the distribution, or secondary, area.
Once you scan, you input the counts on hand
and this will update in the inventory file.
It will also let you know if your levels are low
and generate a picking ticket
once the scanning data is uploaded.
Scanning is done daily.
The responsible staff will go to the primary
and see the items are in.
The IMST will pull the clippers for the rehab area
and the customers get the clippers,
and the requirement has been met.
The IM and the NM will monitor the usage of the item
over time to determine if the levels need be changed.
This may take at least 30 days to determine the true needs.